---
tags: [recap, CoM]
date: 2022-10-20
title: 1 – Hot Air – Part 2
next-session: 2022-12-08
next-monologue: Dante
---
## Tuesday the 8th of March
Talked to Robert’s about our investigation from last night. He said, “be careful of the two suited thugs”
Peya investigates the electronic doo-hickey and learns that the device was potentially a charger for the big vacuum looking device.
Mira and Peya investigate Ground Zero to scope out the Excision. We catch up with the rest of the group who were driving around in the van using a modified radio to try and find the mysterious signals and are ambushed by a giant insect.
Triston is able to use his contagious bad luck to redirect the insect's hit from breaking the radio and instead it destroys the tire.
A purple haired motorcyclist was following the giant insect. She said it had appeared next to the Discotek 72 Below. She says her name is Sombra and hands us a blank card and tells us to talk to The Archivist.
We head out to Saramar Ranch in the Infernal Grasslands to visit the cowboy. There are leathery balloons 100 yards in the air with multiple ropes tied to them.
We approach the house and a man threatens us and wants us to just leave. We try to convince him to tell us about Watson. He does seem to know who he is. It appears that Bronson has been controlling these insects, but that a telepathic signal appeared at the same time as the excision and has been controlling the insects.
Watson had met the many faces.

## Recap from last session
The episode opened with Watson Carter going missing on the early morning of March 7th. His absence is noticed by Claire, who immediately texted him only to get no reply.

At Saguaro Insurance, Jerry was still wondering why his claim has not gone through and it looked like they had lost it once again. Roberts, the manager over outside contractors, asked Mira and Peya to investigate Ground Zero to see if they can piece anything together.

At Ardeal Court, there are still bodies coming in from Ground Zero. Most of the bodies show signs of severe lacerations and tramatic pummeling.

As everyone headed over to Ground Zero, an old friend of Triston (Tucker) was willing to trade some pudding from Seventh Heaven for a radio that keeps fading in and out around the area. Dante and Jerry noticed that there seemed to have been a source of the interference and they immediately kicked into action to find the it. As they were testing, Claire approached with her dog who was not happy to be in the area. Claire headed to Watson's apartment, dragging her dog the entire way. Once there, Watson's mother answered but she had no clue who Watson was.

Two scrappers approached Peya after recognizing her from the Rook and Pawn with an odd looking solar panel. She agreed to assess the value of the item only to meet with a high level of suspicion, a suspicion that was quickly quelled with a claim ticket to be redeemed at her shop. As the two left with excitement at what their hidden treasure might provide, another two were seen coming into frame. Both wore suits and sunglasses, while one was slender but alert while the other was built like a bulldozer and moved at a slower pace.

The slender suit snaps at the characters, "You have been sticking your nose where it doesn't belong, you would do well to get out of here or else." The broader of the two moves his head from side to side creating a loud popping sound.

As Claire disheartedly leaves the apartment, there is a sudden commotion at one of the piles of rubble. The two suited thugs throw out a last threat to the group and head swiftly to the new chaos. The static on the radio comes to an abrupt end followed by the energetic voice from 94.9 The Mixx , breaking the tension.