---
tags: [recap, CoM]
date: 2023-02-02
title: 2 – Searing Memories – Part 2
next-session: 2023-02-16
next-monologue: Jerry
---
## Thursday the 10th of March
Spent the day researching the bite marks on the patients.

Entered into the university with the passcode queen of hearts
Thane has taken the grasshopper leg and given us 4 hours each to study the library
I look into
3 clues: research from the archives about the bite marks
I found a lot of information about vampires, and that vampires were the cause of the bite marks

- Does it look like I could be the beast causing the marks?
	- Possibly
- What does the goal of the attacks appear to be?
	- Feeding
- Some of the bite marks in the hospital do match closely to what my mouth would do.

As we leave we see a large guy carrying a sword. Three witches stirring a pot.

Three potential fire locations
- Foothills
- Stacks
	- Where is your friend?
	- Trap for Tristan
	- There is a gang of six approaching them (Team Yellowjackets)
- Downtown

Dr. J.D. Ross hired the company to install the Psy Emitter. He works at the University.

## Recap from last session
We check in with Roberts at Saguaro Insurance to let him know about Bronson Rees and Saramar Ranch.

We then go to check out the club 72 Below, but can't get in because we don't have memberhsip coins. Sombra sees us and invites us to chat with her over at Seventh Heaven . She mentions that she has been watching people going in and out of 72 Below. She has membership, but doesn't want to go in since she thinks people are watching her.

She lets us know that Mayor Jackson Panier leads a potential double life.

Detective Pierce interrupts our lunch and takes Triston away since he is the main suspect since two scrappers were burned to death. Also, Saramar Ranch has been burned to the ground.

After we extricate Triston from police custody, we head out to Saramar Ranch to see the burned remains for ourselves. We end up picking up some of the accelerant that was used to start the fire, and head back into Catalina proper.

We are stopped by special agents Brock Atkins and Deegan Hicks since we seem pretty suspicious looking into the fires. We'll need to get some official licenses to not have to try and prove ourselves innocent everytime we look into anything.