---
tags: [recap, CoM]
date: 2023-10-19
title: 6 – Burning Hunger – Part 3
next-session: 2023-11-09
next-monologue: Mira
---
## Monday the 21st of March
*Opening Monologue*: Zoom into the highway leading into Catalina. Five years ago, Richard is sitting on his motorcycle "Catalina, I never thought I'd come back here, but I have unfinished business with my father. But I need to reclaim my title as the prince, and show this city what needs to be done." He comes into Catalina and goes to the mansion. It is all boarded up, but over the next five years it gets cleaned up.

### Session
Triston and Lee are "help" Peya look for information about other potential victims. Peya learns that Richard is interested in the Rock Bottom, nobody in particular, but they are definitely vampires.

Dante explores the hourglass trap in the attic and finds nothing. Mira discovers that there is a substantial amount of cleaned up blood in front of and under one bookcase. Dante sees that the hourglass resets.

The light goes off and everyone is blinded and Mira is burned. Officers Justice and Law call an ambulance.

Lee smashes the bookcase and reveals stairs going down. Down below there is a map of the underground of Catalina from the 1890s. We find that same symbol of the seven with two dashes just like on the coin. The underground area is a torture chamber and there is a glass coffin with the top broken off of it. Lee takes the map off of the wall.

We drive to the morgue to see if the three bodies are still there. Security prevents us from going back to the morgue. Triston tries to convince them to let him in, and they let us in. The bodies are still there and their teeth definitely are vampire teeth.  Mira goes to work on her shift so she doesn't get in trouble with the 86ers plans. Lots of discussions occur about if vampires die can they now be seen in mirrors? Ultimately they think that the college students are dead because the hunter killed them. And they let the security know that the killer might come back to the bodies.

Peya and Triston stake out at the Rock Bottom and discover a distinct old shop that matches up with the old map as a potential entrance into Catalina's underground. There is a man standing guard at the building.

## Geeking Out
Peya: Worked with Triston and Lee to overcome problems
Dante: Worked with Lee for understanding how vampires work
Triston: Hurt against Mira
Mira: Loved that the fascination over dead vampires spawned such conversations
Lee: Crew grew closer this session

*End Credits*
Jerry is going through an intake program at a psych ward.

## Recap from last session
### Sunday the 20th of March
*Opening Monologue*: Lee reviewed the documents in his folder trying to get an edge on this case. He can't find any legal documents about his house, only a bill that says it was sold to the Mayor. He looked at his notebook about how to get into the house. Flynt keeps giving him names of his friends that they should find. Lee just needs to get through the front door.

### Session
We leave the morgue and head to Mira's house. Her house was broken into. Bianca and Alicia are missing. Inside the bloody package was a mini cassette. We listen to it at the Rook and Pawn. Gideon Roberts informs us that he has given up looking into the Excision because it was too hard.

Mira's keyfob doesn't work when we check up at Saguarro Insurance so we turn in for the night.

Peya on her way home meets a person sharpening a long katana wearing sunglasses. His name is Shawn. He is checking to see if the rumors are true that she has a mirror, if so there is a 5 million bounty on her head. He flips out a folding walking stick and leaves. Peya looks into Shawn and learns of the blind assassin who works inside of Catalina.

### Monday the 21st of March
Back at Saguarro Insurance we find out Gideon retired last Friday. Jarnathan took over his case load and isn't aware of the case we had been investigating. He gives us some of Gideon's belongings including a piece ot tape that says "The Gatekeepers are Watching".

At the police department we see officer's Justice and Law. We get a thumb drive with the footage from the nature camera. We see a guy with long white hair, wearing a whip and a sword on his back. We see the other three for only a few seconds. They were drug out of the truck already beat up. They had run the license plate and got an address in the Foothills.

We head to the address. It is a pretty big mansion, but the truck is not in the driveway. We wait for Officer's Law and Justice to be available before going inside.

We meet with Jeff Bridges the technomancer and trade the cassette for a crystal. There was a message on the cassette saying something about Caine and the destruction of Catalina. Lee finds his friend Mud. Mira calls her landlord to get the door fixed.

We head to the house and see that the door has been kicked in. We enter the house. It is trashed and hear movement upstairs. A fight breaks out between a large man upstairs whose mouth is sewn shut, some animated armor and the 86ers.

Peya creates illusions to distract the armor. Lee pins the armor to the wall. Triston finds a large hourglass in the attic that looks like it will go off soon with a large explosion of light. Dante wraps green energy around the hourglass.

The golem tries to grab Peya, but her illusion confuses it. Lee holds the Golem, and Mira tries to hypnotize the Golem but is wracked with guilt since she thinks this golem is from Cyrus Security.

Peya searches the mansion and discovers that Richard is the owner. She looks for evidence on why they took the girls, and it appears that he has a deep seated hatred for himself. 

Dante enchants Triston's bullets and Triston shoots the golem in the head non-lethally. A bright light goes off in the attic and it looks like Dante's power was able to contain it. Then the golem collapses.