---
tags: [recap, CoM]
date: 2024-05-02
title: 11 – Firey Embers
next-session: 2024-05-15
next-monologue: Everyone
---
## Monday The 4th of April 
*Opening Monologue*: It's funny how fast time moves. Some years go by in a blink of an eye and get blended together. Some are more important than others. Triston begins to remember his memories. He had fought with Cyrus, and then an explosion happened. Violence and destruction had happened and Triston was unable to grapple with his guilt. He doesn't remember seeing Cyrus after that. Eventually he began to forget these feelings as he forgot all about his past.

### Session
The screen fades to black. Six weeks later is shown and everything is on fire.
## Sunday the 15th of May
Lee is on the ground, burned really bad. Peya is shot in the shoulder, but still moving. Mira has deep cuts that are slowly healing over her body. Triston is under a pile of rubble. Dante's arm is limp holding a dead body. There is a black portal. Cut to two weeks earlier.

## Sunday the 1st of May
Downtime: 
Peya: Goes into the mirror with the globe. Kwantoko and Dreadmoore are very intrigued by the globe. One of the shadows opposite from her disappears and then it reappears as a figure who is most probably Mellionus.
Dante: Gives attention to his ring of shadows
Triston: Explores his forgotten memories to learn more about Absolom.
Mira: Practices with her blood powers
Lee: Meets with the Attorney General to work his case, and also goes up to the top of 72 below and in an a/c vent he finds a weird shaped key

Cut to the Rook and Pawn. A news report is happening. A lot of people are going hungry in the Upper Grind. 7th Heaven is trying to address it, but it is getting hard to manage.

Bianca and Alicia ask Peya if she was going to go to their graduation. The graduation ceremony is on the 16th of May. They ask what they should do after they graduate. Alicia mentions that she keeps having a bad dream about being late to her graduation. Triston tries to convince the girls that not going to school would be a really good idea.

They get a dark feeling. Detective Pym comes in and claims that Triston is under arrest for the murder of Solomon Grunderson four years ago. Triston doesn't have any background checks. His gun was registered to no one. Dante tries to get Triston. Judge Guerrara signed for the warrant. Pym insinuates that Triston must've been sleeping with Mira and got rid of her husband. Prosecutor Famé will be running the case. Triston touches Pym's hand and Pym says to "watch out for falling ceilings." Triston gets taken away.

Mira hears a knock on the door. Officer's Law and Justice say they think they've found the murderer of your husband. It was a Triston Banne, and there wasn't any information on him, and Triston's body was found dead next to Solomon.

Triston get's placed in the back of the car handcuffed and hears a phone ring. Triston answer's it. The Technomancer tells him that he is a liar. He better keep hold of this phone otherwise Triston won't talk to anyone for a long time.

Lee runs into Carter. Carter asks why he didn't go to the Asylum. He claims he can get Lee into the mansion. But he saw one of the 86ers get sent to jail. His friend is Liam Kiave. Liam tells Carter that Triston's hearing won't happen for two weeks.

Mira heads over to the Rook and Pawn to share the information she just discovered. Carter convinces Lee to go to the Rook and Pawn.

Mira gets a keycard for CySec. Explains to the group that Triston's body was discovered next to Solomon's body. They had both died four years ago. She suggests they go to meet with the Archivist to get more information.

We get to the library, and the guard asks for the arm. Dante gives over the arm because Thane wants it. We get into the library. Thane says that the individual that the arm belongs to is pretty old. 

Mira goes to the Death Records and finds the death record for Triston and Solomon and the picture looks nothing like our Triston. We get to keep those records. The gun is also in those records.

Thane doesn't have any information about Lee's mansion. But says that we should look out for the 15th of May. As we head home, we see a swarm of bugs pass by us.

Downtime:
Peya: Posts bail, Triston says he can never pay it back. Looks into information about Triston's gun. 
Dante: Reads a bunch of law books.
Triston: Attempt to work the case to find out who he is, and where he came from, and where he is going. And the gun.
Mira: Trying to find more information about the John Doe who murdered Solomon.
Lee: Goes on adventures with Carter as he unlocks locations with his keys. And finds a djinn named Gust.

## Admin
Start at his bail hearing
All of us has the monologue
Entropy will be the episode name.


## Geeking Out
Peya: The group was bonding over Triston
Dante: Hurt to Triston
Triston: Hurt towards Dante and Mira
Mira: Hang out with Thane again
Lee: Excited to get into the mansion with Carter

*End Credits*: On the 14th of May Triston has a dream of a memory of his wife saying he can't do it anymore. Triston sees his pistol on his hip. It is an old timey western town. You can't do this anymore otherwise I'm going to go away. With her was a letter that said I'm pregnant.

## Recap from last session

## Monday the 1st of May
*Opening Monologue*: Dante pontificates on his meeting with Jerry.

### Session
Downtime:
Peya meets up with Dante to meet with Absolom
Triston: Meets with the Technomancer, but he isn't there anymore
Mira: Learns that Solomon's father's name is Augustine Grunderson.
Lee: Doing real estate, his brother is Stan Wilder

Dante and Peya go to the office and it is abandoned. A delivery person comes and Peya signs for the package. The package has an image with a grinning cat surrounded by archaic runes written on it. Peya tries to open it but fails. Dante tries to read the runes, and they say: This represents the physical world when in contact with the spiritual world. When they are together true power will be obtained. As Dante casts a spell to open it, the box begins to spin really fast, and a projection of Absolom speaks saying that he wasn't able to talk to you about being your son. He looks at both Peya and Dante as he talks about his children. Inside the box is a wooden sphere. The edges have the archaic runes around the wooden world. When Dante reads them, it seems like they are only fragments of sentences.

A fire bomb goes off and Dante gets 2nd degree burns while Peya gets 1st degree burns.

Lee gets a call from Gale (Stan's wife) asking if she has heard from Stan. He has been missing for a couple of days. He was taking care of some business, but he never came back. He did have a single office that he worked out of. Lee heads over, and there are police cars everywhere. Peya and Dante are in the back of an ambulance. Lee texts the group and lets Triston and Mira know about the accident.

Triston receives a text from the radio guy. He lets Triston knows that CySec is involved. Triston gets a list of four employees, we can scan their badges and get credentials into CySec.
Adam Ackler, Barry Berringer, Charlie Chapman, Douglas Donahue are the employees to go after.

Lee runs into the Pym Reaper and gets booked for obstructing justice. Peya tries to talk to Pym, and he says that Dante was covered in accelerant. Dante tries to convince Pym that he isn't guilty. Pym says only Triston is missing. Triston immediately is there next to Pym. Pym calls out Detective Pierce for not getting Triston for all the crimes he committed. Mira is also pulled to Pym. 

Triston tries to talk his way out of Pym's reasoning, but Pym is convinced that the 86ers are up to no good. Pym shows a warrant for Triston because of his pistol.

Dante explains that Absolom was the one who was killed, and he was killed by Antonyn Levron. Lee shows a picture of his brother, which matches the picture of Solomon's father, and of Absolom and of Jack Sinferno. Absolom was Peya's mentor and turns out also his father.

Triston fades out a bit and sees a vision of a woman and a son. She glares a bit and then smiles lovingly. Triston overcomes his hate. Triston is Absolom's father.