---
tags: [recap, CoM]
date: 2024-01-25
title: 8 – Desert Venus – Part 2
next-session: 2024-03-07
next-monologue: Peya
---
## Saturday The 26th of March 
*Opening Monologue*: It was late but not too late. Most of the people in the apartment had gone to bed. Dante went room by room turning off the lights and went to bed. He was feeling pretty tired. But he couldn't sleep. He heard a soft voice say, "we can't sleep can't we?" Dante tries to go to bed, but the voice in his head says he'll be abandoned. "She lied to us, Mira lied to us. No one could survive that." Dante thought that the conversation was over, but the voice came back and said that "it is time for us to meet."

### Session
#### Downtime
Lee: 
Dante: 
Triston: Going to the Continental to see if there are easy ways to get five gold
Mira: Going through Solomon's artifacts
Peya: 

Triston goes into the Continental during a dead period and talks to Marcus (the Concierge) to get a contract. He is an elderly gentleman dressed in a smoking jacket looking at some paperwork. If Triston can get a special gold coin from Jeff the Technomancer, he'll give Triston 5 special gold pieces. Shannon (the Machinist) will accept this.

When Lee wakes up, he hears a knock at the door. The man at the door gives him a letter and then leaves. When Lee opens it up he finds out that he has a summons about being under investigation for Real Estate fraud.

At the Rook and Pawn. Peya is putting away some ornamental daggers on shelves. And then in the back office looks at the mirror. The phone rings, a man introduces himself as Jason and says he knows a guy who can fix mirrors. Downtown, the Broker can fix antiques at the Antique Shop.

Dante shows up and Peya fills him in on the phone call. Then Lee and Triston shows up. If people know we have mirror, we could be in trouble. Then Mira shows up. We jump in our cars and head over to Rock Bottom. At the fountain we see a woman. Lee asks if she is Avianna Dyer. She gets up to leave, but we convince her that we're not going to hurt her. She thought that Scarlett was dead, and we then informed her that Lisa was killed. She said that Scarlett had been killed in an explosion. We take the conversation away from the fountain. She had been looking into the destruction of Rock Bottom. We give her Scarlett's number and let her know that Levron is still alive.

Dante as a bird sees the police come to the fountain as they talk to Jimmy. Jimmy rats out bird-Dante and he takes off.

We head over to Downtown to visit the Broker. Lee calls Scarlett and lets her know that Avianna is alive. He gets more information about Scarlett's supposed death. Turns out she wasn't where she was supposed to be and wasn't killed. Lisa kept it a secret. We'll meet her at the Rook and Pawn tomorrow at 11:00 to exchange information.

We make it Downtown and Triston gets a text message on his Hello Kitty phone with the address to the Antique shop. We don't see the shop, so we park in the area. As we walking down the street, it feels different than when we just drove by. We see an older building labelled Antique Shop. We feel super disoriented.

Peya goes through the door first. It smells of heavy incense, and is super hazy in here. Peya sees an old Chinese man stroking his beard. He offers Peya all sorts of knick-knacks. He does have some mirrors in the store. "Thirteen point star mirrors sell for quite a pretty penny." He fixes mirrors for free because of his contract. Peya pulls out the mirror and asks for it to be fixed. We should come back tomorrow to pick it up.

We head over to the Technomancer. We see a black SUV with two people wearing suits. The pit is still there with cones around it. Triston goes over to the SUV and has a staring contest with the men in suits. They glare at him. Triston goes up to the garden shed.

"Do they know?" this is just like my dream. The Technomancer is super trippy. Triston asks if he has a gold coin. The Technomancer says the only thing it could be is the treasure map. The label on the map says Gold Coin. Triston says he'll make the SUV go away.

Triston talks to the security guys and they are super confused. They are just waiting for someone finishing golf. Triston unrolls the map and sees that the golf map is taped to the inside. The 18th hole has an 'x' marked on it. Triston finds the gold coin and on the back of the coin is a red dagger.

## Geeking Out
Peya: Worked as a team to find Avianna and convince her to trust us
Dante: Help from Peya on the mirror situation
Triston: Got help from Lee and Peya in convincing Avianna 
Mira: Crew working together on all their personal threads
Lee: Crew has started working together to get Avianna to trust us

*End Credits*: We see there is a tree in the distance past the SUV. We see the Technomancer looking at a homeless man. He is worried about the homeless man not the SUV.

## Recap from last session
### Friday the 25th of March
*Opening Monologue*: Camera pans up to Pomegranate Park. There is a section here where the homeless play chess. Seated at one of the tables is a 40 year old hispanic man looking at the chess board. He is stroking a venus fly-trap. A black SUV comes up and Moki comes out of one wearing a suit. He walks to the homeless man, "Moki? Cyrus got you working for them now?". "I'd prefer not to talk about it." Moki sits down and says that the 86ers are a bigger threat than we originally thought. Enrique (Navarro), we just need one more pawn to reinforce our positions. He pulls out six gold coins to Enrique. "Six, there is only five of them." "The sixth one is for the girl."
### Session
Cut to a CRT computer terminal. Hear keys typing. On screen is displays Connecting to Cyrus Security. Connected.

Cut to Dante, holding Knives arm (The Blade). He gets a sample ready to take to the police station. He hears a knock at the door and sees that it is Sean. Sean holds up a letter with a wax seal on it. The seal is a dagger with a drop of blood. The other side of the coin is a 13 point star. Sean gives the letter to Dante saying that we've been summoned by the Continental. Bounty: 1,000,000 and gold on Alt-F4 Life, by Cyrus Security. You have to get the bounty. Prominent Hacker is Alt-F4 Life. If Sean knew where this hacker was than he would be caching in right now.

Cut to Lee, he is showing them a house. Waiting for the client to show up. A car drives up. A nice limousine. Out comes Holly Zen (the DA for Catalina). "Lets see the house." She walks in and during the pitch cuts off Lee. Why are you looking into Jackson Paneer. She's not interested in the sale. "I'm not looking into him specifically, just the owner of the mansion" You need to stop, and if you don't stop I'm going to make things difficult. She takes out a handkerchief, wipes her hands and then leaves.

Cut to Triston, received a tip that there was a specialized gunsmith in the tourist district. Shannon Whitney is cleaning the barrels in the store. He browses the wares and calls Peya since he bought her last gun from her, but didn't want to offend her. Peya recommends a pistol. Shannon asks, "You want to kill something that can't be killed and take out werewolves?" Yeah I got something. It might cost you five gold. But you're not looking for a gun, you're looking for ammunition. He takes the ammunition on layaway for 5 gold pieces within two weeks. He gets enough rounds that have special symbols engraved into the bullets.

Peya's Questions: The CEO of Cyrus Security is Cyrus (the fourth) Rolland. Cyrus Rolland is the Blade (Knives). Most of their clients tend to be government related (Mayor, and DA). Cyrus was founded in the 1800s.

Back at the Rook and Pawn. A young blonde lady with cherry red lips comes in. She looks at Peya and asks if we were around for her sisters death. Can I meet up with you guys later today at a restaurant with reservations.

Cut to a nicer sit down restaurant. She is already there and is wearing her sunglasses. She has been crying a lot. Mira gives Lisa Paige's sister (Scarlett) a handkerchief. I apologize for interrupting your day. Lisa had been digging into Cy-Sec and found some damning things while working there. Cy-Sec was focused on a woman named Avianna Dyer (the target of the Arsonist). She became homeless and was living in Rock-Bottom. Triston has heard of her in passing. Scarlett gives her card to the group. Mira gives Scarlett information on a grievance counselor.

That evening we head on over to Rock-Bottom. Lee checks MLS to learn about her previous address. He learns that police had investigated it recently, but for no known reason. Lee reaches out to his contacts and found someone who knew someone who talked to Avianna. Triston covers a lot of ground and sees a motorcycle come up to an abandoned bank. We head on over to the dusty bank. The motorcyclist (Priscilla Delacruz) has plugged into the ATM. Lee introduces himself, and explains that we're looking for an Avianna Dyer. Pricilla has a contact that knows information about Cy-Sec. The contact is Alt-F4-Life.

As we leave, Dante pulls out the letter about the contract we've been hired for. We continue the look for Avianna. Last sighting was next to a dried up fountain. Keeping low-key. The fountain is where we need to look for Avianna.

*End Credits* We see the ATM screen. No Connection.
Drumroll: Knives is the CEO of Cyrus Security!