---
tags: [recap, CoM]
date: 2024-05-15
title: 12 – Entropy
---
## Sunday the 15th of May
*Opening Monologues*: 
### Dante 
- Shadow Arm
- Shadow Dinosaurs
- Queen of Hearts is your best bet
- Only name he knows is the Furderer
- Detective Perry barely knew him
### Lee
- No more shadows
- Wall of stone in front of the door
- Many arrests of Triston 
- Driving a car into the hat people trying to take the mirror
- Finding the fish factory
### Mira
- The second time the 86ers visited the morgue to examine the bodies of Craygan Moore, Cassius Bloom, and Raven Simons while looking for clues about Richard. And then the group spends quite some time discussing if dead vampires can be seen in mirrors.
- I'm sure someone else had used Stop. Holding. Back. before, but the one time Mira used it in the Crypts when confronting Richard Sephiroth Jones when she went full Momma Bear in the attempt to save Bianca and Alicia felt appropriately powerful while also having consequences.
- Mira was touched that the group focused on her death and explored around those circumstances to discover the reborn Mira. Even if it was short lived for Detective Perry Flynn.
- Mira's was successful in interrogating Nick the drug dealer after slipping into his car. Her successful rolls ensured that Nick would go home and rethink his life.
### Peya
- Triston took the hit on the attack on Dante when he was attacked
- Peya defeated the traps in Richards house
- Peya learned that Dante was her brother
- Mad hatter and Alice encounter
- Getting a mirror from A and then entering the mirror
### Triston 
- A pair of burnt scrappers, Dectective Pierce arresting Triston
- Group getting particulary high around a fire and halucinating
- Struggling in a house, shooting in the head non-leathaly 
- Getting run over by a pair of decepticons
- Video evidence that Sephiroth is in the game and murdering teens

## Session
The day of the trial, Triston is dressed up in a suit. Triston gets there and Holly Zen says "dismissing charges." And he gets the bail money back. There is a panicked sound coming from the entrance. We head to the entrance. From the glass opening of the courthouse we see big bugs swarming and splatting against the window. It is so thick it looks like fog outside.

Mira makes it to her car. Drives to the entrance and picks up Lee and Carter.
As Triston approaches the van, he sees a man in the swarm. The man wanted to congratulate Triston, because Holly didn't have a case against Triston. He calls out "Triston's" last name. The bugs are hitting his windows pretty hard. As Triston drives up to the entrance, the bugs die down. Peya takes over driving from Triston. On the radio, there is infighting happening at Rock Bottom. The Queensmen are going to war against the Kings Guard (police).

Triston goes to the police station and picks up his gun. There were two people walking in the street and collapse. Triston goes to them and they are weak and super thin.  Two more people collapse. Lee thinks they look like the undead. Someone walks up in an emergency tech outfit. She looks up and sees Triston. She asks if he had a court case and that it was dismissed. She says interesting. She says this area seems to be cursed.

Up ahead next to the police department there are a couple of people fighting. One of them is a Queensmen and Kings Guard are fighting. Triston tries to go into the police station.  He almost takes a baseball bat to the face. Claire was able to stop the baseball bat.

Cut to Claire, she comes to and notices that there is a disturbance outside and that she is in a hospital room. She hears a "Sir you can't go down there." She is looking out the fourth floor window. Someone bursts through the door. It is the furderer. Claire tries to slip past him and succeeds. As she is dashing down the hall, there are two guards aiming past Claire. As she slips out of the hospital that is when she runs into Triston. Claire gets to Mira's car and reunites with Lee. She lets us know that the furderer is there.

Inside the police office Triston sees a woman sitting on a desk. She says Triston you won't be able to solve what's happening. Judge Guerra says he is late. She can't give Triston his gun. It was stolen by CySec. How are things going out there? She stands up and grabs her hat and leaves. As Triston leaves he sees the two groups running away from each other.

Lee asks Triston where we should go next. As Triston gets to the van, he sees Dectective Pym with a look of disgust on his face. "You got away this time." "See you guys real soon."

We start driving towards the mayor's mansion, we see a motocycle. Claire sees emergency vehicles approaching the hospital. The motocycle cuts in front of us and starts to slow down. The driver has purple hair. She wants to talk to Triston. She was digging into Triston. What if the excision was something that happened multiple times. I think these 13 point stars have been meeting grounds. That is where the excisions have probably happened. She also lets us know that CySec has been talking about the 86ers.

An explosion happens and Lee takes the brunt of the force. Antonyn Levron is there. He pulls out Triston's gun. Peya runs up and stabs him. He lands a shot against Peya. Mira knocks the gun out of his hands. And he prepares to breath fire. Triston is frozen in fear because of the similarity of a similar fight from years ago. Lee smothers him with earth. Antonyn attempts to rise up from the earth. Dante summons water dinosaurs to crash into Antonyn. Claire grabs Triston's gun, and Antonyn starts to stumble. As Triston takes the gun, memories of Cyrus come flooding back and he decides to stop holding back. Triston is seriously weakened, and the furderer drops dead.

Detective Pym stands over Antonyn and says that he has him taken care of. All color drains from Antonyn's face when Pym touches him.

We arrive at the mansion. Dante's arm starts glowing, and Peya pulls out the globe from her pocket and the mirror. The globe floats over to Dante's glowing arm. His arm starts speaking to Dante saying that his ascension is near. He needs to go into the basement of the mansion. Storm clouds are gathering around. Liam is there and he starts to cast a bunch of spells and after five minutes the door unlocks. Lee starts taking us through the house. And he knows where all the secret passageways are. As we descend down the spiral staircase and it opens up into a granite room with a 13 point star. In the center there is a glowing blue replica of the orb. The green orb joins up with the blue orb, and Dante tries to touch it to ascend to Godhood. As he reaches for it there is an explosion. The above building collapsed with a black portal. Dante's arm is limp, as rocks fall onto Triston. Claire is blasted back and her body is lifeless.

We see Detective Pym, Judge Guerra, the EMT, and the handshaker go down the stairs behind us. Razz says that the seven sins have become renewed as the 86ers take on the sins.

- Wrath - Jerry
- Envy - Lee
- Sloth - Claire
- Pride - Dante
- Gluttony - Triston
- Greed - Peya
- Lust - Mira

## Recap from last session

## Monday The 4th of April 
*Opening Monologue*: Triston talks about how time works is inconsistent. Sometimes things take forever, and othertimes it speeds by and gets blurred together. Triston begins to remember that he had fought with Cyrus, and then an explosion happened. Triston was unable to grapple with his guilt and eventually he began to forget about his past.

### Session
The screen fades to black. Six weeks later is shown and everything is on fire.
## Sunday the 15th of May
Lee is on the ground, burned really bad. Peya is shot in the shoulder, but still moving. Mira has deep cuts that are slowly healing over her body. Triston is under a pile of rubble. Dante's arm is limp holding a dead body.  There is a black portal. Cut to two weeks earlier.

## Sunday the 1st of May
At the Rook and Pawn Bianca and Alicia ask Peya if she was going to go to their graduation. The graduation ceremony is on the 16th of May. They ask what they should do after they graduate. Alicia mentions that she keeps having a bad dream about being late to her graduation. Triston tries to convince the girls that not going to school would be a really good idea.

Detective Pym comes in and arrests Triston for the murder of Solomon Grunderson. Judge Guerrara signed for the warrant. Pym insinuates that Triston must've been sleeping with Mira and got rid of her husband. Prosecutor Famé will be running the case. Triston touches Pym's hand and Pym says to "watch out for falling ceilings." Triston gets taken away.

Mira is informed by Officer's Law and Justice who say they've found the murderer of her husband. It was a Triston Banne, and there wasn't any information on him, and Triston's body was found dead next to Solomon.

Triston get's placed in the back of the car handcuffed and hears a phone ring. The Technomancer tells him that he is a liar. He better keep hold of this phone otherwise Triston won't talk to anyone for a long time.

Lee runs into Carter. He claims he can get Lee into the mansion. His friend is Liam Kiave. Liam tells Carter that Triston's hearing won't happen for two weeks.

Mira gets a keycard for CySec. Explains to the group that Triston's body was discovered next to Solomon's body. They had both died four years ago. She suggests they go to meet with the Archivist to get more information.

At the library Dante gives over the arm because Thane wants it. Thane says that the individual that the arm belongs to is pretty old. 

Mira goes to the Death Records and finds the death record for Triston and Solomon and the picture looks nothing like our Triston. We get to keep those records. The gun is also in those records.

Thane doesn't have any information about Lee's mansion. But says that we should look out for the 15th of May. As we head home, we see a swarm of bugs pass by us.

Peya posts bail, and Triston says he can never pay it back.

*End Credits*: On the 14th of May Triston has a dream of a memory of his wife saying he can't do it anymore. Triston sees his pistol on his hip. It is an old timey western town. You can't do this anymore otherwise I'm going to go away. With her was a letter that said I'm pregnant.